Individual Project Check-In 2
Wang Yuhe
ywang4714@gatech.edu
1 CHECK-IN 2 UPDATE
Brief Update
In Check-in1, I proposed three different FRQ feedback designs and created
three corresponding low-fi wireframes to explore different information organiza-
tion. This check-in compares their differences and collects feedback to determine
which design direction needs improvement.
Comparison of Design Alternatives
These three designs highlight different stages in the feedback process.
Design A (Rubric Breakdown)
This design emphasizes scoring transparency. Students can clearly understand
the points earned from each rubric to more efficiently identify where points are
lost.
Design B (Anchored Feedback)
This design underlines the reasons for the loss of points. Comments help students
locate relevant parts of their own answers and better understand why they lose
points.
Design C (Practice Plan)
This design emphasizes action planning. The system not only explains the errors
students made but also shows what needs to be done in action, helping them
understand which skills they need to hone and how to improve their scores on
similar questions.
From the perspective of the learning process:
• Design A highlights finding where points are lost.
• Design B emphasizes understanding why points are lost.
• Design C underlines action plans for improvement.
1
Current Direction
In the current round of comparison, I tend to choose Design B because it helps
students better understand why they lose points, thereby greatly reducing cog-
nitive load when reading comments. But the action plan offered in Design C is
also of high importance, as students not only need to understand why they make
errors but also know what to do in practice. Therefore, in the next round, I am
considering combining those two designs.
Questions for Peer Feedback
In order to improve the design, I hope to get feedback from the following:
1. Do you think the difference among those three designs is clear?
2. Which design helps students transition from “see result score” to “how to
improve their scores”?
3. Do you think Design C looks more like a study plan rather than an interface?
4. Which design deserves the needs iteration in the next round?
2